Update setup text handling (#194)
AlexsLemonade/reproducible-research: docs/setup_instructions/openrrp-setup.md

    - _You are only eligible for an OpenScPCA AWS account after you fill out the [OpenScPCA intake form](https://share.hsforms.com/1MlLtkGYSQa6j23HY_0fKaw336z0) where you agree to [OpenScPCA's policies](https://openscpca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/policies/)._

## Workshop software installations

You will also need to set up your computers following _some_ these software installation steps in the [OpenScPCA Project's setup instructions](https://openscpca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/technical-setup/), as detailed below.

You should not complete all setup steps on the OpenScPCA website, since we will be doing some steps together as part of the workshop itself, but you should come prepared with all software installed and ready to be further set up.

### Instructions for macOS users

1. [Install GitKraken](https://openscpca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/technical-setup/install-a-git-client/#install-gitkraken), a GUI for working with Git
    - Follow the instructions in the link above to also sign into GitKraken with your GitHub account
    - [See these instructions](github_gitkraken_setup_instructions.html#setting-up-gitkraken) for additional information about setting up GitKraken

> 2. [Install Miniconda](https://openscpca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/technical-setup/environment-setup/setup-conda/#install-conda), a lightweight distribution of the package management software conda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Install conda](https://openscpca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/technical-setup/environment-setup/setup-conda/#install-conda), the software we use to manage software dependencies in OpenScPCA.
```

    - You do _not_ need to also set up conda; we will do this together during the workshop
3. [Install R and RStudio](https://openscpca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/technical-setup/environment-setup/install-r-rstudio/#install-r-on-macos)

>     - Follow the instructions to install the additional tools (XCode developer tools and the GNU Fortran compiler) as well.

Reviewer: See https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/reproducible-research/pull/189#discussion_r1755261895, but I'm not sure how much else might need to change
```suggestion
    - Follow the instructions to install the additional tools (XCode command line tools and the GNU Fortran compiler) as well.
```

>     - Follow the instructions to install the additional tools (XCode develop tools and the GNU Fortran compiler) as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Follow the instructions to install the additional tools (XCode developer tools and the GNU Fortran compiler) as well.
```
